Project Manager
A PM is responsible for leading teams through the development process from initiation, planning, 
execution and completion. They supervise the team's tasks and ensure timing is on track. If any team 
has a problem, they would consult with the PM who would strategize with the teams as a whole to problem 
solve. They monitor project process, tracking action items, conducting design and implementation reviews, 
examine, research, and resolve issues, escalate issues to proper channels and respond to each team 
members' concerns. They need to be good communicators and leaders. 

Business Analyst
A BA analyzes information to establish business goals. They can help determine a specific project's 
scope and vision. They help analyze the customer/ user so the teams know who they are creating for. 
To do this, they can be the ones who conduct interviews and research to analyze the effectiveness of
certain processes. They then translate their findings into clear requirements that can be used by 
the project teams. 

Scrum Master
This is the team role responisble for ensuring the team adheres to agile values and that they follow 
the processes and practices that the team agreed they would use. It was initially used to indicate someone 
who is an expert at Scrum. Scrum is a framework used to manage product development. It provides a means 
for teams to establish a hypothesis of how they think something works and then test that hypothesis 
to make adjustments. A scrum master acts as a sort of team coach that keeps the team on track within
agile frameworks.

UX Designer
A UX designer is someone who designs the user experience. They are an advocate for the end user. They
do a lot of research to establish who the user is and what their pain points are in the usage of a 
product. And they try to design solutions that solve the user's problems. They design 
the elements that help a user interact with the product. It takes into consideration the psychology of 
people and how they interact with machines. They can also be a UI designer which is the actual look and 
feel of what the user sees. But technically those are two different things. 

Web Developer/ Engineer
A web developer is someone who develops the actual code that creates a site or application. They take the 
designs that UX and UI designers create and make them into usable code that brings that design to life into 
a usable product. They can be front end, back end, or full stack. They maintain the product and work with 
designers to come up with new solutions. 

Quality Assurance Tester
A QA tester tests the end product to make sure the user gets the best experience. They examine a site 
or app to try to uncover flaws that might have been overlooked during design and development. They make 
sure the product meets the requirements that were initially expressed by the client and meets 
objectives. They also test the design and appearance of the product. They check whether the look and 
feel align with the proposed design and overall layout. And it also includes functionality testing: 
making sure every link, button and form operates as it should. 

DevOps
DevOps allows organizations to develop services faster, evolving and improving products at a 
faster pace to better serve customers and compete more effectively in the market. Under this system 
organizations can constantly build, test and release products to customers and are able to monitor, plan and adjust 
processes to improve the product. In this model, development and operations teams work together to monitor 
the product at all stages of the life cycle. They work together to optimize the productivity of designers 
and the reliability of operations. 